Removed "A branch name of Sprint2 and sprint2 are just fine." #7825 (#7826)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/reference/git-integration.md

In addition to Git's requirements for [valid branch names](https://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-check-ref-format.html), {{site.data.var.ece}} adds two additional requirements:

*  The `/` character isn't allowed in a branch name.

> *  Branch names must be case-insensitively unique. In other words, the names must be entirely unique regardless of the case you use. For example, if you have a branch named `Sprint`, you cannot create another branch named `sprint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Branch names are not case-sensitive. 
Each branch name must be unique regardless of the case used for each letter. For example, if you have a branch named `Sprint`, you cannot create another branch named `sprint`.
```
